I'm a senior explorationist for 30 plus years in oil and gas industry. I worked with Eng. Ozair Khan in Al Dhafra Petroleum. Ozair made a very nice tool to handle exploration prospects. The tool is a simple and easy tool to help everyone to work with leads and prospects in a seamless way. It can handle as many prospects as you like since it is spreadsheet based. You can use it to update existing prospects from description or volumes and economic aspects. Ozair is very professional and also very friendly person who can make any team and efficient and pleasant experience for everyone. Many thanks Ozair" -- Said Elnoamany, Exploration Consultant Geoscientist, Al Dhafra Petroleum 
I have worked extensively with Ozair on identifying different ways of integrating the oil and gas subsurface workflow with GIS and spatial data trend analysis. He has demonstrated great examples of how we could have an integrated process to enable quick access to and visualization of data. In the emerging trend of AI and Big Data, I believe Ozair is well placed to provide out of the box solutions towards solving some seemingly complex problems. As a fellow Excel guru myself, I am amazed at the seamless ways he has been able to integrate the trio of Excel, Excel VBA and third party applications into neat apps that perform and deliver incredible results at a fraction of the cost of commercial applications. He will add tremendous value to any organization that is lucky to hire him. " -- Francis Eriavbe, Specialist Petrophysicist, Al Dhafra Petroleum
Highly skilled and experienced, Ozair Khan is a great professional to work with. He made big contributions for developing GIS-based database and applications for different teams at Al Dhafra Petroleum. His skills in developing specific GIS applications are highly commendable. Well respected by all colleagues, Ozair has great attitude and is results oriented. He knows what he is doing. " --  Abdulrahman Kutty, ​Geomodeller Specialist, Al Dhafra Petroleum
Ozair worked in Profire’s R&D group as a Technical Research Engineer. He was excellent at researching, interpreting and comparing national regulatory gas codes (B149.3, NFPA-87 & AMSE CSD-1), and has tremendous writing skills for technical white papers. He also has an excellent working grasp of Visual Basic programming within Microsoft Excel and Word, which he utilized to create several Gas Code lookup tools for the R&D department. In addition, Ozair and I worked together on a Solar Calculator program which became an invaluable tool to design solar array and battery power systems used to power Burner Management Systems at remote industrial locations. Ozair would be an assest for any engineering research project. "-- Mike Szelewicki, Senior Engineer, Profire Energy
Ozair's understanding of the oil and gas industry challenges and his analytical skills have allowed him to develop mathematical tools optimizing wells grouping and quantifying the marginal impact of scenarios on footprint occupancy and safe clearance. He proved extremely precise and clear minded in defining the technical scope and requirements for a fully automated optimization tool. This allowed ranking scenarios based on sound operational parameters. He also played a leading role in facilitating the online publishing of the Master Plan data and defining the need for interdisciplinary data exchange as opposed to pure corporate build up. Thanks to the organization of the data and the on line publishing, the self-sufficiency of the team was maximized." -- Dominique Monfrin, Master Plan Manager, TOTAL
,I´ve worked with Ozair for close to 1,5 years on the Master Plan for Bab field in ADCO. This project aims to plan a strategy for a safe, optimized and integrated development plan for a sour, brown and green, oil and gas field with a significant number of stakeholders. Apart from his obvious domain on GIS he also proved an understanding of the field allowing him to develop tools which were used on optimized scenarios for the field strategy." -- Sofia Soares, Senior Development Engineer, Bab Master Plan, ADNOC Onshore
Ozair is a very knowledgeable professional. He can be depended to do a good job and to complete on time. Possess a very good working attitude and always willing to assist his fellow colleagues to get the work done. I had the privilege of working with him on the Network Model and he did an excellent job and exceeded expectation." -- Aaron Tee, Reservoir Engineering Advisor, Exxon Mobil E&P
I have found Ozair to be consistently pleasant, tackling all assignments with dedication and a smile. Ozair is person who is able to present creative ideas and communicate the benefits. He has successfully developed several ideas which added a true business value. I highly recommend Ozair." -- Ayman Abu Nimry, A/ Section Head for Upstream & Downstream Solutions, Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
Ozair brings strong technical leadership to any GIS project or task. His thoughtful insights shed light on the most challenging issues. I had the pleasure to work with Ozair on a couple projects which, while small, were somewhat complex. His role proved to be eminently useful in finding solutions that were acceptable to all stakeholders.” – Asif Salim, Professional Services Manager, GISTEC
Ozair is hard working person; intelligent and good thinker; promotes ideas that can save time and efforts, good analyzer and dedicated person” -- Tawfik Dayazada, Team Leader (Planning-Drilling) at ADCO
Ozair is very committed, always takes the initiative to follow his work. He is a very good communicator and you can depend on him to do his job professionally. " -- Ehab Attyani, Senior GIS Specialist/Developer, Visionstream
I greatly appreciate Ozair's support to our conceptual design team. He is good listener who is focused on his client's requirements. He is our ArcGIS specialist and his knowledge in computer programming has facilitated in creating software tools that help us to plot and clustered over 500 wells in our very congested field. He also helped us in creating flowline profiles for which as built drawings were not available. His methodology of resolving the complex problem efficiently in the best possible way is exceptional." -- Syed Ziaul Haq, Senior Engineer, ADNOC Onshore
Not only is Ozair a skilled Geomatics professional but he is able to write and edit with near effortless ability on a range of technical subjects." --  Jonathan Murphy, ​Managing Director, GoGeomatics Canada
Ozair's skills in researching vague topics and his ability to understand complexity quickly are invaluable." -- Patrick Fisher, R&D Director, Profire Energy 
Ozair helped Cenozon on many writing tasks such as conference paper and technical articles. Ozair has rare quality in the combination of understanding technology, business acumen, and creative writing. Ozair is able to quickly deliver the projects through his excellent research and writing skills. We would strongly recommend Ozair for any technical/technology related research or writing projects. " -- Rui Wang, President, Cenozon
Ozair worked in Profire’s R&D group as a Technical Research Engineer. He was excellent at researching, interpreting and comparing national regulatory gas codes (B149.3, NFPA-87 & AMSE CSD-1), and has tremendous writing skills for technical white papers. He also has an excellent working grasp of Visual Basic programming within Microsoft Excel and Word, which he utilized to create several Gas Code lookup tools for the R&D department. In addition, Ozair and I worked together on a Solar Calculator program which became an invaluable tool to design solar array and battery power systems used to power Burner Management Systems at remote industrial locations..." -- Mike Szelewiki, Senior Engineer, Westcan ACS 
...As the Technical Research Engineer he was a great asset. He has impeccable writing skills, constantly pumping out technical and business white papers, and simplifying burner management standards. Ozair is multifaceted, and very proactive, being a part of a small engineering firm this was a requirement for his success. He is also great at writing software, Profire's Solar Package Calculator was a product of his spare time.." -- Dewayne Taylor, CTO, Soltare 
...Ozair made a very nice tool to handle exploration prospects. The tool is a simple and easy tool to help everyone to work with leads and prospects in a seamless way. It can handle as many prospects as you like since it is spreadsheet based. You can use it to update existing prospects from description or volumes and economic aspects. Ozair is a very professional and friendly person who can make any team and efficient and pleasant experience for everyone.." -- Said Elnoamany, Exploration Consultant, Al Dhafra Petroleum
I have worked extensively with Ozair on identifying different ways of integrating the oil and gas subsurface workflow with GIS and spatial data trend analysis. He has demonstrated great examples of how we could have an integrated process to enable quick access to and visualization of data. In the emerging trend of AI and Big Data, I believe Ozair is well placed to provide out of the box solutions towards solving some seemingly complex problems.." --Francis E. Eriavbe, Specialist Petrophysicist, Al Dhafra Petroleum
Highly skilled and experienced, Ozair Khan is a great professional to work with. He made big contributions for developing GIS-based database and applications for different teams at Al Dhafra Petroleum. His skills in developing specific GIS applications are highly commendable. Well respected by all colleagues, Ozair has great attitude and is results oriented. He knows what he is doing.." -- AbdulRahman Kutty, Geomodeller Specialist, Al Dhafra Petroleum
Ozair's understanding of the oil and gas industry challenges and his analytical skills have allowed him to develop mathematical tools optimizing wells grouping and quantifying the marginal impact of scenarios on footprint occupancy and safe clearance. He proved extremely precise and clear minded in defining the technical scope and requirements for a fully automated optimization tool. This allowed ranking scenarios based on sound operational parameters. He also played a leading role in facilitating the online publishing of the Master Plan data and defining the need for interdisciplinary data exchange as opposed to pure corporate build up. Thanks to the organization of the data and the on line publishing, the self-sufficiency of the team was maximized." -- Dominique Monfrin, Master Plan Manager, TOTAL
I worked recently with Ozair in a very demanding, short term assignment, and was impressed with his attention to details, professionalism, expertise and ability to clearly convey his views across to people from different backgrounds and cultures. In this particular project he demonstrated his capacity to deliver fit for purpose solutions on time, present them, and anticipate our needs." -- Antionio VIzamora, Discipline Lead & Consultant Production Seismology, Shell
Ozair is a very committed GIS expert. His input is always unique and his work is of great value. He is a customer satisfaction oriented service provider and would recommend him with no hesitation." -- Morched Guettat, Productions Operation Manager, Schulmberger
Ozair is a very knowledgeable professional. He can be depended to do a good job and to complete on time. Possess a very good working attitude and always willing to assist his fellow colleagues to get the work done. I had the privilege of working with him on the Network Model and he did an excellent job and exceeded expectation." -- Aaron Tee, Reservoir Engineering Advisor, Exxon Mobil E&P
I have found Ozair to be consistently pleasant, tackling all assignments with dedication and a smile. Ozair is person who is able to present creative ideas and communicate the benefits. He has successfully developed several ideas which added a true business value. I highly recommend Ozair." -- Ayman Abu Nimry, A/ Section Head for Upstream & Downstream Solutions, Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
Ozair brings strong technical leadership to any GIS project or task. His thoughtful insights shed light on the most challenging issues. I had the pleasure to work with Ozair on a couple projects which, while small, were somewhat complex. His role proved to be eminently useful in finding solutions that were acceptable to all stakeholders.” – Asif Salim, Professional Services Manager, GISTEC
Ozair is exceptionally diligent and hard working. His approach to any given work reflects his analytical nature and strong academic background. He developed a well pairing tool that allowed Senior Petroleum Engineers in my team to analyze various scenarios relating to clustering a new well with an existing one. Ozair has excellent command of the English language, particularly written and is able to express himself clearly and concisely. He is not only cooperative with other people but is also good at gauging the people’s level of knowledge and attitude. I highly recommend his services." -- Ihtisham Rahim, Conceptual Design Team Leader, ADCO
Ozair has the ability to summarize complex subject in a very readable and understandable format without compromising the integrity of the message. Articles written by Ozair are comprehensive yet not cumbersome. He does a great job of connecting multiple topics in a seamless way. I highly recommend Ozair as a Writing Consultant." -- Umair Siddiqui, Principle Project Manager, Oracle
Ozair is hard working person; intelligent and good thinker; promotes ideas that can save time and efforts, good analyzer and dedicated person” -- Tawfik Dayazada, Team Leader (Planning-Drilling) at ADCO
Ozair is very committed, always takes the initiative to follow his work. He is a very good communicator and you can depend on him to do his job professionally. " -- Ehab Attyani, Senior GIS Specialist/Developer, Visionstream
I highly recommend Ozair as effective communicator and leader with remarkable vision. He knows how to explain a complex topic in simple format. Ozair is conscientious, highly skilled writer. He is detailed oriented and has a broad knowledge on topics that requires critical thinking." -- Tanveer Khan, Director Global Supply Chain, Meyer Sound Labs
Ozair  is a nice and hardworking professional. During my role as Team Leader - Exploration & Geophysics in ADCO,  I had a chance to work closely with him where he demonstrated his professional skills in handling and providing all exploration needs in professional manner. I highly recommend his services." -- Ahmed Khoory, Manager - Reservoir Management, ADNOC Onshore
The richness of expression in Ozair's writing style and command on relevant subjects makes his writing ever so more appealing." -- Furrukh Ghaffar, Program Manager, Microsoft
The articles written by Ozair are easy to read, professionally presented and offer a fine learning experience. What makes his articles an interesting read is his ability to analyse different contemporary topics from various perspectives, and summarize his opinions and findings in an eloquent and efficient manner." -- Omair Ali, Structural Engineer, AECOM
Ozair is very knowledgeable and very willing to share his knowledge with others. My requests for deliverables were met ahead of expected schedule and were of high quality. His easy manners make him a very pleasant colleague to work with. He will be valuable to any company who decides to use his services." -- Khaliquzzaman Katchi, Conceptual Design Specialist, ADCO